---
layout: post
title: Effective python的59个方法
date: 2016-12-02
tags: ["cs"]
---

1. Know which version of python you're using
2. Follow the PEP 8 style guide
3. Know the differences Between `bytes`, `str`, and `unicode`
4. Write helper functions instead of complex expressions
5. Know how to slice sequences
6. Avoid using `start`, `end` and `stride` in a single slice
7. Use list comprehensions instead of `map` and `filter`
8. Avoid more than two expressions in list comprehensions
9. Consider generator expressions for large comprehensions
10. Prefer `enumerate` over `range`
11. Use `zip` to process iterators in parallel
12. Avoid `else` blocks after `for` and `while` loops
13. Take advantage of each block in `try/except/else/finally`
14. Prefer exceptions to returning `None`
15. Know how closures interact with variable scope
16. Consider generators instead of returning lists
17. Be Defensive when iterating over arguments
18. Reduce visual noise with variable positional arguments
19. Provide optional behavior with keyword arguments
20. Use `None` and Docstrings to specify dynamic default arguments
21. Enforce clarity with Keyword-only arguments
22. Prefer helper classes over bookkeeping wih dictionaries and tuples
23. Accept functions for simple interfaces instead of classes
24. Use `@classmethod` polymorphism to construct objects generically
25. Initialize parent classes with `super`
26. Use multiple inheritance only for mix-in utility classes
27. Prefer public attributes over private ones
28. Inherit from `collections.abc` for custom container types
29. Use plain attributes instead of Get and Set methods
30. Consider `@property` instead of refactoring attributes
31. Use descriptors for reusable `@property` methods
32. Use `__getattr__`, `__getattribute__`, and `__setattr__` for lazy attributes
33. Validate subclasses with metaclasses
34. Register class existence with metaclasses
35. Annotate class attributes with metaclasses
36. Use `subprocess` to manage child processes
37. Use threads for blocking I/O, avoid for parallelism
38. Use `Lock` to prevent data races in threads
39. Use `Queue` to coordinate work between threads
40. Consider coroutines to run many functions concurrently
41. Consider `concurrent.futures` for true parallelism
42. Define function decorators with `functools.wraps`
43. Consider `contextlib` and `with` statements for reusable `try/finally` behavior
44. Make `pickle` reliable with `copyreg`
45. Use `datetime` instead of `time` for local clocks
46. Use built-in algorithms and data structures
47. Use `decimal` when precision is paramount
48. Know where to find coummunity-built modules
49. Write docstrings for every function, class, and module
50. Use packages to organize modules and provide stable APIs
51. Define a root `Exception` to insulate callers from APIs
52. Know how to break circular dependencies
53. Use virtual environments for isolated and reproducible dependencies
54. Consider module-scoped code to configure deployment environments
55. Use `repr` strings for debugging output
56. Test everything with `unittest`
57. Consider interactive debugging with `pdb`
58. Profile before optimizing
59. Use `tracemalloc` to understand memory usage and leaks