---
layout: post
title: 漂白粉的使用说明
date: 2018-08-18
tags: ["life"]
---

Coles lemon bleach

## General

Suitable for whitening linens and removing stains

contains: Sodium Hypochlorite 42g/L (Avaliable chlorine 4% W.V when packed). Sodium hydroxide 9g/L.

## Our Promise

100% satisfied with this product or return it to your Coles customer service desk for a 100% refund.

## Directions for use

DO NOT SWALLOW

Bleaching and colourfast testing

Pre-treatment of nappies

Bathroom, kitchen and laundry surfaces

> Garbage bins: To hygienically clean and deodorise, rinse bin and mix 1 cup of Coles Brand Bleach to 5 litre of water. For stubborn odours, use undiluted and leave in contract surfaces for 10 to 15 minutes. Rinse thoroughly.

垃圾桶：为了干净地清理和除臭，冲洗垃圾桶，混合1杯Coles牌漂白剂和5升水。对于顽固的气味，使用未稀释的并且

Driveway, Paving, Patios and Roof

## Caution
	
> Do not use on silk, wool, leather, rayon, drip dry or iron cottons. Do not use on bare steel, silver, aluminum, unpainted metal or worn enamel baths and basin.

不要用在丝绸，羊毛，皮革，人造丝，滴干或者免熨棉布。不要用在裸钢，银，铝，未涂漆的金属，磨损的发廊浴和盆。

## Warning

Highly corrosive. May produce sever burns. Attacks skin and eys. Vapour may be harmful. May give off dangerous gas if mixed with other products. Do not mix with other detergents or chemicals.

## Safety Directions

Use only as directed. Ensure adequate ventilation when using. Avoid contact with skin and eyes. Wear eye protection and protective gloves when mixing or using as it produces sever burns. Mix with cold water only. Crorosive. Discard diluted solutions after use. Cap should be closed firmly when not in use. Wash hands after use.

## First Aid

For advice contact a Poisons Information Centre on 131126 or a doctor if swallowed do NOT induce vomiting. If in eys, hold eyelids apart and flush the eye continuously with running water. Continue flushing until advised to stop by the Poisons Information Centre or a doctor, or for at least 15 minutes.

If skin or hair contact occurs, remove contaminated clothing and flush skin and hair with running water.

## Storage

Store upright below 30°C and out of direct sunlight. Before disposal, rinse bottle with cold water.